if you need to talk to somebody who's been in the navy the question of
how you go about meeting them so you can talk to him is a good one
I think the best way to do that would be to ask around your family and
friends and say who you know who's been in the navy recently you
could talk to me about what it's like in the navy today and see if you
can find out that way that'd be one good way to meet people in the
navy a second way to meet people and maybe if you're interested in
that would be for you to go talk to a recruiter and talk to them but
remember they have a quota they have to get so many people Englishman
navy and they're trying to get you to join the navy so they have
their own agenda going that maybe skew what they tell you a little
so but they also may be able to tell you or by the way I know John Jones
next to me he used to be in the navy or another guy in a bar I'll
tell you where he lives he used me that if you go talk to him so
you might get an independent way of talking somebody in the navy that